Assumming Mathematics is treated as Science,¹ 
    this a branch of the Philosophy of Science.
    Next to the Philosophy of Physics, Philosophy of Biology etc.

The Natural Sciences² 
    Domain: entities located in Space and Time.
    Knowledge acquisition: inductive methods
    Knowledge characteristics:
        - appear to be less certain and open to revision as we gain greater understanding.

Mathematics(Mathematical Science)³ 
    Domain: Not clear whether objects studied in Mathematics, occupy Space and Time.
    Knowledge acquisition: deduction from basic principles
    Knowledge characteristics:
        - appear to be more certain an unchanging.

Tackles questions, closely related to Central Problems in:⁴ 
    - Epistimology
    - Metaphysics

    What the nature of Mathematical entities consisst in?
    How can we have knowledge about Mathematical entities?
    If above two intractable, then
        Do Mathematical entities entities exist in the concrete world?

Mathematical Logic⁵ 
    def: field/setting within which, to some extent, Mathematical methods
        have been brought to bare(used to tackle)
        Philosophical questions about the nature of Mathematics

    Used as this setting the field is broadly conceived as consisting of:
        proof theory
        model theory
        set theory
        computability theory

What are the bottom Philosophical theories about the Nature of Mathematics?

Schools:⁶ 
    platonistic = rationalistic accounts of Mathematics(lost influence during the more empirical 19ᵗʰ century)
    Non platonistic accounts(philosophical theories) of Mathematics:
        - Logicism 
        - Intuitionism
        - Formalism
        - Predictivism

        - Logicism
            - components:
                - basic principles of Central Mathematical Theories(Dedekind and Peano)
                - principles of Logic(Frege)
        
        - Intuitionism

Logic

Foundations of Mathematics

references:
    1,2,3,4,5,6 Philosophy of Mathematics.Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy.https://plato.stanford.edu/entries/philosophy-mathematics/#MatLogFouMat